IBM Power documentation for HCP {please table for post GA} (#5712)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/configure_hosted_bm_ibmpower.adoc

Reviewer: Per conversations with @swopebe during the work on the IBM Z docs, it might be best to rename this file to something that indicates that it's the intro file for the IBM Power docs. Maybe something like, `hosted_ibmpower_intro.adoc`?

Reviewer 2: @lahinson thanks for that. I think we pause on this for now until next week because we need to make sure the intro files are only files that have a description and contain the collection for that sections. 

example: https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/2.9_stage/access_control/access_intro.adoc

I think we have lost that a bit in other areas of the doc.

Reviewer 2: I will make an intro in a separate PR after we merge this one, as we discussed this as a team and we need to keep the source easy-to-find. We also discussed shorter filenames as a team and shorter identities in header titles, as this will make building the URLs easier.

> [#configuring-hosting-service-cluster-configure-ibmpower]

Reviewer 2: I am going to reduce these anchors and titles because when they are very long, it makes URLs and such more difficult. I will do this in VS code.

Reviewer 2: changed to: `[#config-hosting-cluster-ibmpower]`. -- we have to change in any URLs.

= Configuring the hosting cluster on a 64-bit x86 OpenShift Container Platform cluster to create hosted control planes for IBM Power compute nodes (Technology Preview)

**Technology Preview:** Configuring the hosting cluster on 64-bit x86 bare metal for IBM Power (`ppc64le`) compute nodes is a Technology Preview feature.

> 

Reviewer 2: We prob can do away with saying twice that it is TP in this line; I will just say "with limited support"

Author: @swopebe can you please confirm if below statement looks good ?

```
**Technology Preview:** Configuring the hosting cluster on 64-bit x86 bare metal for IBM Power (`ppc64le`) compute nodes has limited support.
```

Reviewer 2: Looks great!

Author: Updated.

[#configuring-hosting-service-cluster-configure-ibmpower]

> = Configuring the hosting cluster on 'x86' OCP cluster to create hosted control plane with IBM Power compute nodes (Technology Preview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Configuring the hosting cluster on a 64-bit x86 OpenShift Container Platform cluster to create hosted control planes for IBM Power compute nodes (Technology Preview)
```
Per the [Supplementary Style Guide](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#bit-64-x86), I believe this reference to x86 should be `64-bit x86`.

> **Technology Preview:** Configuring the hosting cluster on `x86` bare metal for IBM Power (`ppc64le`) compute nodes is in a Technology Preview status with limited support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Technology Preview:** Configuring the hosting cluster on 64-bit x86 bare metal for IBM Power (`ppc64le`) compute nodes is a Technology Preview feature.
```
For Technology Preview features, we are not supposed to refer to any kind of support, even limited.

You can deploy hosted control planes by configuring a cluster to function as a hosting cluster. The hosting cluster is the {ocp-short} cluster where the control planes are hosted. The hosting cluster is also known as the _management_ cluster. 

*Note:* The _management_ cluster is not the _managed_ cluster. A managed cluster is a cluster that the hub cluster manages.

> You can enable a managed cluster to be a hosting cluster by using the `hypershift` add-on to deploy the HyperShift Operator on that cluster. Then, you can start to create the hosted cluster. 

Reviewer: It appears that this text was copied from an older version of the bare metal docs. The statements on line 10 are no longer true. Please remove the text on line 10.

The {mce-short} 2.4 supports only the default `local-cluster`, which is a hub cluster that is managed, and the hub cluster as the hosting cluster.

*Important:* 

> - To provision hosted control planes on bare metal, you can use the Agent platform. The Agent platform uses the central infrastructure management (CIM) service to add worker nodes to a hosted cluster. For an introduction to the central infrastructure management service, see link:https://github.com/openshift/assisted-service/blob/master/docs/hive-integration/kube-api-getting-started.md[Kube API - Getting Started Guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To provision hosted control planes on bare metal, you can use the Agent platform. The Agent platform uses the central infrastructure management service to add worker nodes to a hosted cluster. For an introduction to the central infrastructure management service, see xref:../cluster_lifecycle/cim_intro.adoc#cim-intro[Creating a host inventory].
```

- Each IBM Power system host must be started with a Discovery Image that the central infrastructure management provides. After each host starts, it runs an Agent process to discover the details of the host and completes the installation. An Agent custom resource represents each host.

> - When you create a hosted cluster with the Agent platform, HyperShift installs the Agent Cluster API provider in the hosted control plane namespace.

Reviewer: Note to self: Line 20 contains an unclear reference to "HyperShift", and it seems to be a copy-paste from the configuring bare metal file. I will check with development to get some clarity on what they meant by "HyperShift" and will plan to update the bare metal file and this one.

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get managedclusters local-cluster
----

* You need a hosting cluster with at least 3 worker nodes to run the HyperShift Operator.

* You need to enable the central infrastructure management service. For more information, see  xref:../cluster_lifecycle/cim_enable.adoc#enable-cim[Enabling the central infrastructure management service].

* You need to install the hosted control plane command line interface. See xref:../hosted_control_planes/hosted_install_cli.adoc#hosted-install-cli[Installing the hosted control plane command line interface].

[#infrastructure-reqs-ibmpower]
== IBM Power infrastructure requirements

The Agent platform does not create any infrastructure, but requires the following for infrastructure:

* Agents: An _Agent_ represents a host that is booted with a discovery image and is ready to be provisioned as an {ocp-short} node.

> * DNS: The API and Ingress endpoints must be routable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* DNS: The API and ingress endpoints must be routable.
```

[#configuring-hcp-bare-metal-ibmpower]
== Next steps

After you meet the prerequisites, complete the following steps to configure hosted control planes on bare metal:

> . xref:../hosted_control_planes/config_dns_bare-metal_ibmz.adoc#configuring-dns-hosted-control-plane-ibmpower[Configure DNS for Hosted Control Plane for IBM Power]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. xref:../hosted_control_planes/config_dns_bare-metal_ibmz.adoc#configuring-dns-hosted-control-plane-ibmpower[Configuring DNS for hosted control planes on IBM Power]
```

. xref:../hosted_control_planes/hosted_create_bare_metal.adoc#creating-a-hosted-cluster-bm[Creating a hosted cluster on bare metal]

> . xref:../hosted_control_planes/hosted_infraenv_ibmz.adoc#hosted-control-planes-create-infraenv-ibmpower[Creating an InfraEnv resource for hosted control planes on x86 bare metal for IBM Power compute nodes]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. xref:../hosted_control_planes/hosted_infraenv_ibmz.adoc#hosted-control-planes-create-infraenv-ibmpower[Creating an InfraEnv resource for hosted control planes on 64-bit x86 bare metal for IBM Power compute nodes]
```
